README.md, before:



$$\      $$\                    $$$$$$\                       $$$$$$\  $$\           
$$$\    $$$ |                  $$  __$$\                     $$  __$$\ \__|          
$$$$\  $$$$ |$$\   $$\         $$ /  \__| $$$$$$\  $$$$$$$\  $$ /  \__|$$\  $$$$$$\  
$$\$$\$$ $$ |$$ |  $$ |$$$$$$\ $$ |      $$  __$$\ $$  __$$\ $$$$\     $$ |$$  __$$\ 
$$ \$$$  $$ |$$ |  $$ |\______|$$ |      $$ /  $$ |$$ |  $$ |$$  _|    $$ |$$ /  $$ |
$$ |\$  /$$ |$$ |  $$ |        $$ |  $$\ $$ |  $$ |$$ |  $$ |$$ |      $$ |$$ |  $$ |
$$ | \_/ $$ |\$$$$$$$ |        \$$$$$$  |\$$$$$$  |$$ |  $$ |$$ |      $$ |\$$$$$$$ |
\__|     \__| \____$$ |         \______/  \______/ \__|  \__|\__|      \__| \____$$ |
             $$\   $$ |                                                    $$\   $$ |
             \$$$$$$  |                                                    \$$$$$$  |
             \______/                                                      \______/ 



This repository contains my personal configuration files for various tools, ensuring a consistent setup across different machines.

### 🔧 **Included Configurations**
- **Tmux** (`.tmux.conf`)
- **Neovim (NvChad)** (`~/.config/nvim`)
- **Kitty Terminal** (`~/.config/kitty`)
- **Zsh + Oh My Zsh + Powerlevel10k** (`.zshrc`, `.p10k.zsh`, `.oh-my-zsh`)
- **Custom Scripts** (`~/.bin`)

---

Commit message:

Updated README.md and .zshrc(included tmux auto startup)

README.md, after:

# My Config Backup

This repository contains my personal configuration files for various tools, ensuring a consistent setup across different machines.

## Prerequisites

Before using this configuration, install the required tools:

- **Zsh** (Shell)
- **Tmux** (Terminal Multiplexer)
- **Kitty** (Terminal Emulator)
- **Neovim** (Text Editor)
- **Oh My Zsh** (Zsh Framework)
- **Powerlevel10k** (Zsh Theme)
- **[NvChad](https://nvchad.com/docs/quickstart/install) (neovim configuration)

## Included Configurations

- **Tmux** (`.tmux.conf`)
- **Neovim (NvChad)** (`~/.config/nvim`)
- **Kitty Terminal** (`~/.config/kitty`)https://nvchad.com/docs/quickstart/install
- **Zsh + Oh My Zsh + Powerlevel10k** (`.zshrc`, `.p10k.zsh`, `.oh-my-zsh`)
- **Custom Scripts** (`~/.bin`)

## Installation

1. Clone this repository to your home directory.
2. Copy the configuration files to their respective locations.
3. Restart your terminal for changes to take effect.

## Keeping Configs Updated

To keep your configuration files in sync with your latest changes:
1. Make modifications in your config files.
2. Copy them back into this repository.
3. Commit and push the updates.

This ensures that your configurations are backed up and easily restorable on any machine.
